docs: describe secure persistent volumes (#932)
edgelesssys/contrast: docs/docs/architecture/secrets.md

If the data owner and the workload owner is the same entity, then they can safely use the workload secrets.

:::

### Secure persistence

Remember that persistent volumes from the cloud provider are untrusted.
Using the workload secret, applications can set up trusted storage on top of untrusted block devices.
The following, slightly abbreviated resource outlines how this could be realized:

```yaml
apiVersion: apps/v1
kind: StatefulSet
metadata:
  name: volume-tester
spec:
  template:
    spec:
      containers:
      - name: main
        image: my.registry/my-image@sha256:0123...
        command:
        - /bin/sh
        - -ec
        - | # <-- Custom script that mounts the encrypted disk and then calls the original application.
          device=/dev/csi0
          if ! cryptsetup isLuks $device; then

>             cryptsetup luksFormat $device /contrast/secrets/workload-secret-seed

Reviewer: Could this destroy data if `cryptsetup isLuks` fails for another reason?

Author: Yes, it would. Let me add a disclaimer to that.

            cryptsetup open $device state -d /contrast/secrets/workload-secret-seed
            mkfs.ext4 /dev/mapper/state
            cryptsetup close state
          fi
          cryptsetup open $device state -d /contrast/secrets/workload-secret-seed
          /path/to/original/app
        name: volume-tester
        volumeDevices:
        - name: state
          devicePath: /dev/csi0
        securityContext:
          privileged: true # <-- This is necessary for mounting devices.
      runtimeClassName: contrast-cc
  volumeClaimTemplates:
  - apiVersion: v1
    kind: PersistentVolumeClaim
    metadata:
      name: state
    spec:
      accessModes:
      - ReadWriteOnce
      resources:
        requests:
          storage: 1Gi
      volumeMode: Block # <-- The requested volume needs to be a raw block device.
```

:::note

> This example assumes that the container image can be modified to include a shell and the `cryptsetup` utility.
> Alternatively, a secure mount can be set up from a sidecar container inside an `emptyDir` mount shared with the main container.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This example assumes that you can modify the container image to include a shell and the `cryptsetup` utility.
Alternatively, you can set up a secure mount from a sidecar container inside an `emptyDir` mount shared with the main container.
```
nit: prefer active voice as per MS style guide
